well the first when I first got back
into the game and I started judging
battles I saw something that was just
incredibly ridiculous to me and that was
they would have battles and have this
humongous cypher the promoters the holes
everybody will open up the floor right
and you would have like 20 by 20 feet
space and people would still crashing
into the crowd and that didn't make
sense because in my days you dance
either at parties and at clubs and if
you dance in those situations you really
didn't have a lot of space you know and
I was judging in a lot of times I would
not give people around and they couldn't
understand it and I'm like dude you
don't even have self-control and you
can't make me believe you're winning the
battle if you can't control your moves
if you don't have your moves Master like
somebody who's a little bit needed keeps
it in the center so when I started
training my students that was my goal I
didn't want my students to make the
mistakes that I saw other people made
and that was how I started doing the
Octagon and what the Octagon really does
it promotes control and freestyle
ability and if you look at everybody
who's ever trained by me they all share
those qualities they all have a lot of
control and now you're crazy freestyle
is because that's what the Octagon
promotes its other than actually
training freestyling all the time the
Octagon is the only thing that makes you
makes you be more creative and stay away
from sex
well what what happened was I did a
workshop in in Bulgaria and i met this
british DJ by the name of donaghadee and
she was so inspired by the workshop she
she had me flown in to one of her events
so I could come and party and just chill
at the event and then teach a workshop
and I met her partner Charlie and he had
this thing he does every Thursday is
called the Thursday throw down you know
and eastpak is his major sponsor for
that and it's always something new it's
never just breaking it's like they have
pole dancing popping battles MC battle
is DJ you know whatever they feeling
like doing it's once a month but it's
always a really good party in a nice
club and a nice boss / club so when I
decided to do the Octagon worldwide and
I started reaching out to promoters and
saying you know I got this idea I want
to do our octagon in all the countries
and bring the finals back in the
finalists back into Switzerland for the
finals I hit up all the promoters and
everybody was like okay we'll think
about it Charlie got a DS partner was
the first one is said okay let's do it
let's do it next month and I think that
first octagon was really successful and
because of the footage that was rolling
around I think that kind of help or the
other promoters in other countries say
okay we want a part of this too but um
after after like two of those after
doing two of those Charlie also is the
manager for the eastpak Throwdown tour
that they do every year and every year
something different and he liked the
Octagon and the higher-ups came one day
and they came to the Octagon and they
enjoyed it so they decided to do a
merger and bring me into the Throwdown
crew and then do the eastpak octagon
throw down to it octagon sir so
basically that's the way I happen
2010 is the beginning of the future of
b-boying and breaking because what's
going on now is now this octagon thing
is being marketed it as a sport you know
it's the first it's the first battle
that has it's a lean it Serena that has
regulations you know it has regulations
and that's what makes a sport a sport
when you have an arena with its
regulations and it's foul lines and it's
in lines and that that kind of helps
make it that's what makes it a spectator
sport and that's what makes the Octagon
exciting people are enjoying the battles
but they enjoyed it more because of the
risk that the b-boys are taken so
basically we're marketing is it a b-boy
sports / reality series so you'll be
seeing me doing the Octagon all over the
world but more importantly you'll be
until the finals you'll be following the
winners two each from each country
preparing themselves for the Octagon
we're trying to make a really dope
reality series and that's it man who I'm
trying to make this be at a sporting
level because like I said before I want
to see my students rich you know you got
skateboarders like Tony Hawk to the
filthy rich because they can write a
rough childhood toy what we do is a lot
harder than what they do you understand
we're using our bodies they balancing on
a skateboard that's cool let me see good
n flare you know what I mean let me see
you doing 90 let me see you do it you
know I'm saying let me see you catch a V
it's different you know I think what we
do is a lot more graceful you know even
in the Olympics they got gymnastics but
they have that rhythm to music and all
that stuff so it's gonna work out I want
to see it as a sporting event I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna be able to dance
alone my students or rich I would I want
to be the cus D'Amato of the b-boy world
it's my thing it's my baby I got 28
years of people biting and and and and
and redoing everything I do and follow
in my footsteps i think in 28 years they
should allow me to have one thing
basically you know they have taken so
much for me they have read so much for
me and I say taken and great because i
don't get the acknowledgement that i
should get for my contribution so you
know i don't want that to happen at the
Octagon you know what i'll do i'll wait
it out throw away 28 years of everything
I've ever done and contributed they just
leave my Octagon alone